chore(docs): Update connect-project.mdx (#9773)
lightdash/lightdash: docs/docs/get-started/setup-lightdash/connect-project.mdx

This is used to access your repo.
See the [instructions for creating a personal access token here](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/profile/personal_access_tokens.html).

> Select `read_repository` scope when you're creating the token. The token also needs to have a `Reporter` role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select `read_repository` scope when you're creating the token. The token, if using a **project access token**, or the user, when using a **personal access token**, needs to have permission to download the code. Normally this would be the `Reporter` role.
```

Was checking gitlab's documentation on the roles of tokens, and it seems like it only asks for token role when it is a `Project access token` which is what the user was using. When it is a personal access token it will have the role of the user. This role can be a custom one, so I think it is better to say it needs to have permissions to download code and point them to the example `Reporter` role

![image](https://github.com/lightdash/lightdash/assets/22939015/76c52cd9-bdc5-4ced-bd8c-2c9d4488c82e)
